ASH: Hey,
Professor Sycamore!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: It's
really good to see you, Ash.
ASH: We want you to
check something out.
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
BONNIE: Here, look!
ASH: We just discovered it the
other day, but it's not listed
in the Pokédex. So we figured
you might know what it is.
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
That is a new one to me
And you couldn't
find it in the Pokédex?
I wonder if it
might be a new kind
ASH: You really think it could
be?!
CLEMONT: If it is,
that's amazing!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Could you
turn it around so I can see
‐it from all sides?
‐BONNIE: 'Kay!
CLEMONT: He's talking
about Squishy, not you.
BONNIE: Oops! I didn't know
I've never seen it before.
BONNIE: It feels
really squishy..
That's why I named it Squishy!
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
I'll look into it on my end.
If I find anything out,
I'll let you know.
In the meantime,
keep an eye on Squishy.
ASH: Sure, got it!
JESSIE: So cute!
They call it Squishy.
JAMES: It's the Pokémon
those red suits called Z.
MEOWTH: It's gotta be big
news if they reported it
to Professor Sycamore!
JESSIE: So if it's a new kind of
Pokémon, does that mean
we'll get to give
it a name once we catch it?
Like
"Beautiful Jess"?
MEOWTH: Or "Meowth Junior"!
JAMES: "Cool James"
has a certain ring
‐JESSIE: And now, tally‐ho!
‐JAMES: Let's go!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SQUISHY: [STRUGGLING]
DEDENNE: [ANNOYED]
SQUISHY: [CONTENTED]
BONNIE: I think Squishy
likes to be in there, too.
DEDENNE: [ANNOYED]
SQUISHY: [UPSET]
DEDENNE: [CONFUSED]
BONNIE: What should I do?
SERENA: I know!
Just leave it to me!
I'll make your bag way better!
BONNIE:
You will?
BONNIE: Yay!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
(I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner)
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: Our heroes continue
their journey to the
Snowbelle City Gym, where Ash
hopes to win his eighth Gym
badge and enter
the Kalos League.
SQUISHY: [HOPPING] / [CALLING]
SQUISHY: [RELAXED]
SERENA: Squishy sure loves
the sun, doesn't it?
CLEMONT: I wouldn't be surprised
if Squishy's actually converting
sunlight to use as energy.
ASH: Oh, yeah
ASH: So Squishy must absorb
sunlight instead of eating.
JESSIE: Sunlight for food?
So it lives on an empty stomach!
JAMES: What a
curious little Pokémon.
MEOWTH: If we research that
rascal, maybe we can figure out
how to cut out
needing grub, too.
JAMES: No food? How economical!
JESSIE: But that means
there'll be no more yummy
chocolate cake for me
MEOWTH: Yeah. No dessert.
JESSIE: SO?! Operation Squishy
Catch is sure to place us in the
Team Rocket legends category!
JAMES, MEOWTH: Yes, ma'am!
BONNIE: How does it feel?
You like it?
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
SERENA: It seems like Eevee's
starting to get
used to everyone.
BONNIE: Yeah! Eevee's working
hard on that.
QUILLADIN:
[SURPRISED]/[LOVESTRUCK]
SERENA: Ta‐da!
It's all finished!
SERENA: Courtesy
of yours truly!
A special space
just for Squishy!
BONNIE: Yay! That's awesome!
Thanks a lot, Serena!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]/[RUNNING]
BONNIE: Squishy, look at this!
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS] ASH:
You solved that problem!
CLEMONT: That's really
nice of you, Serena!
SERENA: I'm glad I could help!
I sure hope both
of them are happy.
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Hey, Serena,
they really like
it a whole lot!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Thank goodness!
SERENA: Okay, Eevee! Let's go
practice for the next Showcase!
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
EEVEE: [EFFORT] / [TRIUMPHANT]
SERENA: Great! You're so good!
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
QUILLADIN: [CALLING]
QUILLADIN: [VINE WHIP MOVE]
EEVEE: [PROTECT MOVE]
SERENA: Eevee, you okay?!
ASH: Never seen that Pokémon
before!
POKEDEX: Quilladin. The Spiny
Armor Pokémon, and the
evolved form of Chespin. The
hard shell covering Quilladin's
body is so tough a direct hit
from a large truck wouldn't even
dent it. Quilladin uses this
shell to deflect foes' attacks,
and it strikes back with its
sharp quills.
QUILLADIN: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Chespin evolves into
that?
DEDENNE: [UNIMPRESSED]
QUILLADIN: [VINE WHIP MOVE]
EEVEE: [PROTECT MOVE]
BONNIE: Its Vine Whip's
in the shape of a heart!
SERENA: Does that mean Quilladin
has fallen in love with Eevee?
BONNIE: Love at first sight?!
EEVEE: [SHOCK]
CHESPIN: [CONFUSED]
PANCHAM: [UNHAPPY]
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT MOVE]
CLEMONT: Now it's using Rollout!
ASH: What do we do?!
SERENA: I don't know!
We can't tell it
not to be in love
PANCHAM: [CALLING]
QUILLADIN: [SHOCK]
PANCHAM: [DETERMINED]
CHESPIN: [UNHAPPY]
‐SERENA: Pancham?!
‐CLEMONT: Chespin, too?!
QUILLADIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM: [UNHAPPY]
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT MOVE]
PANCHAM: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT MOVE] /
[LANDING] / [FLIRTING]
PANCHAM: [IMPACT]
CHESPIN: [IMPACT]
EEVEE: [SHOCK]
EEVEE: [SCARED] /
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [HAPPY]
/ [FAINT]
ASH: Oh man, that Pokémon's out
of control.
ASH: Could that be the
end of the battle?
CLEMONT: It wasn't actually an
attack, but Quilladin got
knocked down. Anyhow,
I'm glad Eevee's okay.
EEVEE: [SCARED]
PANCHAM: [CONFIDENT]
CHESPIN: [EXCITED] EEVEE:
[SCARED]EEVEE: [RUNNING]
SERENA: Eevee?
CHESPIN, PANCHAM: [SHOCK] /
[DEJECTED] SQUISHY: [LAUGHTER]
QUILLADIN:
[MUTTERING] / [SURPRISED]
SERENA: Hey! It woke up.
ASH: You okay?
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
QUILLADIN: [POLITE]
SERENA: You're welcome
CLEMONT: It does know
how to be polite!
EEVEE: [SCARED]
BONNIE: It's leaving! Huh.
How strange. Do you
think maybe it gave up?
CLEMONT: Nope.
'Cause it's coming back.
SERENA: Now it's
bringing flowers to Eevee.
BONNIE: What do you know
QUILLADIN: [OFFERING]
EEVEE: [SCARED]
QUILLADIN: [SHOCK]
EEVEE: [RUN/HIDE]
BONNIE: Eevee's not interested.
SERENA: I want Eevee to
make friends with all
sorts of Pokémon, but
I'm not sure about this
QUILLADIN: [SAD]
PANCHAM: [COMFORTING]
CHESPIN: [OFFERING] / [ANGRY]
QUILLADIN: [GRUMPY]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM: [ANGRY]
QUILLADIN: [ANGRY]
BONNIE: Oh boy
ASH: Enough with
the fighting already!
CLEMONT: I doubt this
is going to be resolved
SERENA: Well, acting like
a bully isn't the way
to anybody's heart.
CHESPIN, PANCHAM, QUILLADIN:
[SQUABBLING]
QUILLADIN: [INSPIRED]
QUILLADIN:
[LAUGHTER] / [CUDDLING]
PANCHAM: [FAINT]
EEVEE: [IMPRESSED]
EEVEE, QUILLADIN: [CUDDLING]
QUILLADIN: [SNEAKY LAUGH] /
[DETERMINED]
PANCHAM: [UNHAPPY]
QUILLADIN: [SNEAKY LAUGH]
EEVEE: [SHOCK] / [SCARED]
ASH: Hey. What's
Quilladin doing now?
SERENA: I think it wants to
have a battle with Pancham!
ASH: Whoa, it's
picking a fight again!
BONNIE: What's going on?
CLEMONT: I think Quilladin
wants to show Eevee
how strong it is by
battling with Pancham.
BONNIE: Of course!
It just wants to show off!
SERENA: Maybe but I don't think
Eevee would like someone
who would do such a thing
QUILLADIN:
[CONFIDENT] / [AGGRESSIVE]
SERENA: Pancham?
What do you say?
PANCHAM: [SIGH]
QUILLADIN: [SHOCK]
QUILLADIN: [ANGRY]
SERENA: Huh? Oh Eevee feels
more comfortable
when it's close to Bunnelby.
QUILLADIN:
[JEALOUS] / [DETERMINED]
ASH: Good luck to both of you!
PIKACHU: [CHEERING]
PANCHAM: [GROWL]
QUILLADIN: [CONFIDENT]
QUILLADIN: [VINE WHIP MOVE]
SERENA: Quick, dodge it!
PANCHAM: [DODGE]
SERENA: Stone Edge!
PANCHAM: [STONE EDGE MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [IMPACT]
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT MOVE]
SERENA: Dodge it!
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT
MOVE] PANCHAM: [DODGING]
PANCHAM: [IMPACT]
SERENA: Dark Pulse, go!
PANCHAM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [SHOCK]
PANCHAM: [EFFORT]
QUILLADIN: [DETERMINED]
ASH : It's fine!
CLEMONT: Wow Needle Arm for a
last‐second block!
SERENA: Arm Thrust!
PANCHAM: [ARM THRUST MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [NEEDLE ARM MOVE]
SERENA: Are you all right?!
PANCHAM: [DETERMINED]
QUILLADIN: [CONFIDENT]
QUILLADIN: [SOBBING] / [ANGRY]
CHESPIN: [SHOCK]
CLEMONT: Now you want to battle
Chespin?!
PANCHAM: [COMPLAINING]
CHESPIN: [CHEERFUL]
PANCHAM: [RESIGNED]
CHESPIN: [DETERMINED]
BONNIE: Yay! Go Chespin go!
QUILLADIN: [DETERMINED]
QUILLADIN: [CHARGING]
CLEMONT: Dodge it, quick!
CHESPIN: [JUMP]
QUILLADIN: [TURNING]
CLEMONT: Tackle, let's go!
CHESPIN: [TACKLE MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [JUMP]
CHESPIN: [CONFIDENT]
ASH: That Quilladin's
really fast for its size.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CLEMONT: Pin Missile!
CHESPIN: [PIN MISSILE MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [BRACED]
QUILLADIN: [CONFIDENT]
ASH: Not a scratch!
Quilladin's shell is tough!
PIKACHU: [SHOCK]
CLEMONT:
Keep your distance!
QUILLADIN: [NEEDLE ARM MOVE]
CHESPIN: [EFFORT]
QUILLADIN: [RESPECTFUL]
EEVEE: [YAWN]
SQUISHY: [LAUGHING] / [CONFUSED]
DEDENNE: [CURIOUS]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
DEDENNE: [LAUGHING]
SQUISHY: [UNHAPPY]
SQUISHY: [CURIOUS]
DEDENNE: [YELLING] /
[RUNNING] / [JUMP]
DEDENNE: [RUNNING] / [JUMP]
EEVEE: [CURIOUS] / [ANNOYED]
BUNNELBY: [CURIOUS]
EEVEE, DEDENNE, SQUISHY,
BUNNELBY: [SHOCK]
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT MOVE]
CHESPIN: [IMPACT]
QUILLADIN: [LANDING]
QUILLADIN: [CONFIDENT]
QUILLADIN: [CONFUSED] / [SHOCK]
EEVEE: [SCARED YELLING]
QUILLADIN: [UPSET]
EEVEE, DEDENNE, SQUISHY,
BUNNELBY: [SCARED YELLING]
SERENA: Eevee!
BONNIE: Squishy! Dedenne!
CLEMONT: Bunnelby!
ASH: Hey. What's going on?!
JESSIE: Prepare for
trouble we stir up so well!
JAMES: And make it double,
that's where I excel!
JESSIE: To protect the world
from dumb Pokémon names!
JAMES: To unite Team Rocket
with fortunes and fames!
JESSIE: To denounce all the
boredom that you Twerps create!
JAMES: To extend our names,
thus sealing our fate!
JESSIE: Jessie!
JAMES: And James!
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off as creatively as ever!
JAMES: When
we name a Pokémon,
it's a permanent endeavor!
MEOWTH: Meowth, I'm clever!
ASH: Team Rocket!
JAMES: Operation Fake Squishy
is a success!
JESSIE: We'll take all these
Pokémon and leave you a mess!
MEOWTH: What a haul!
JAMES: Have a ball
ASH: STOP!
ASH: Talonflame! Noibat!
TALONFLAME, NOIBAT: [APPEARING]
ASH: Go and find Team Rocket's
balloon, okay!
They couldn't
have gotten too far away!
TALONFLAME, NOIBAT:
[AFFIRMATIVE]
QUILLADIN: [DETERMINED]
PANCHAM: [DETERMINED]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
QUILLADIN: [DETERMINED] /
[CONFUSED] / [ANNOYED]
PANCHAM: [ANGRY]CHESPIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM, CHESPIN,
QUILLADIN: [SQUABBLING]
ASH: What are you doing?!
Let's go look for them, too!
SERENA: Okay, Ash!
PANCHAM, CHESPIN,
QUILLADIN: [PANTING]
ASH SERENA CLEMONT BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Quilladin!"
SQUISHY: [REASSURING]
EEVEE: [SAD]
BUNNELBY:
[DETERMINED] / [CHEWING]
EEVEE, DEDENNE,
SQUISHY: [CONFUSED]
BUNNELBY: [URGING]
EEVEE, DEDENNE,
SQUISHY: [CONFUSED]
BUNNELBY: [REASSURING]
DEDENNE, SQUISHY: [EXCITED]
EEVEE: [DETERMINED]
BUNNELBY: [GASPING]
EEVEE: [GASPING]
BUNNELBY: [CONCERNED]
BUNNELBY: [DETERMINED]
EEVEE: [CONFUSED]
EEVEE: [DETERMINED]
JESSIE: All right, who's going
to name our greenish friend?
JAMES: I caught it.
I get to name it, right?
JESSIE: No way! Any achievement
of yours is mine as well!
MEOWTH: Team Rocket
should get the credit, dig?
JESSIE: Oh puh‐leeze! Right,
Beautiful Jess?
JESSIE: They're
gone. Without a trace!
JAMES: Meowth. Turn back!
MEOWTH: Aye aye, chief!
JESSIE: We'll recatch
them all,
including my
Beautiful Jess!
TALONFLAME: [CALLING]
NOIBAT: [CALLING]
ASH: Find them?!
TALONFLAME: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
NOIBAT: [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
ASH: Then keep looking!
TALONFLAME: [AFFIRMATIVE]
NOIBAT: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PANCHAM: [DETERMINED]
CHESPIN: [DETERMINED]
QUILLADIN: [ANGRY]
PANCHAM: [SQUABBLING]
CHESPIN: [ANGRY] / [SQUABBLING]
QUILLADIN:
[ANGRY] / [SQUABBLING]
BONNIE: Hey! Stop fighting!
CLEMONT: Chespin!
SERENA: Pancham, you too!
ASH: Theres no time for that!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Hey we all need to
work together
if we're gonna
rescue our friends!
PANCHAM, CHESPIN,
QUILLADIN: [CONFUSED]
EEVEE, BUNNELBY:
[PANTING] / [SHOCK]
JESSIE: How rude to run away
JAMES: Right! Now
hand Cool James over!
BUNNELBY:
[WARNING] / [DETERMINED]
BUNNELBY DEDENNE
SQUISHY: [ANGRY]
JESSIE: Teach them
some manners, Gourgeist!
JAMES: Inkayjoin the fray!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [APPEARING]
BUNNELBY: [WILD CHARGE MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [IMPACT]
BUNNELBY: [EFFORT]
JAMES: Use Tackle!
INKAY: [TACKLE MOVE]
DEDENNE: [NUZZLE MOVE]
INKAY: [IMPACT]
JESSIE: Show them
your Shadow Ball!
GOURGEIST: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
DEDENNE: [WORRIED] / [IMPACT]
EEVEE: [WORRIED]
SQUISHY: [WORRIED]
BUNNELBY: [EFFORT]
/ [MUD SHOT MOVE]
JESSIE: Use Dark Pulse!
GOURGEIST: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
JESSIE: Now, time
to use Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
BUNNELBY: [PAINED]
EEVEE: [SHOCK]
BUNNELBY: [IMPACT]
/ [FAINT]
JESSIE: Good. No
more interruptions.
JESSIE: Come to
Jessie Beautiful Jess.
MEOWTH: No, it's Meowth Junior!
JAMES: Ignore them!
You're Cool James!
JESSIE: Come on. That
sounds like a hippie's name!
MEOWTH: Whatever If we hand
over that Pokémon
to the Boss, our bonus points
will really pile up!
SQUISHY: [DETERMINED] / [SHOCK]
NOIBAT: [CALLING]
JAMES: Oh no!
ASH: We found you!
EEVEE, BUNNELBY, DEDENNE,
SQUISHY: [CONFUSED]
‐JESSIE: Twerpish timing
‐MEOWTH: Twerps stink!
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
GOURGEIST: [AFFIRMATIVE]
‐BONNIE: Squishy, Dedenne!
‐SERENA: Oh Eevee, are you okay?
CLEMONT: I'm proud
of you, Bunnelby!
ASH: You crooks won't
get away with this!
QUILLADIN:
[DETERMINED] / [ANNOYED]
PANCHAM: [DETERMINED]
PANCHAM, QUILLADIN:
[SQUABBLING] / [ANNOYED]
ASH: Man, oh man
PIKACHU: [DISAPPOINTED]
QUILLADIN:
[SHOUTING] / [EXPLAINING]
ASH: We all need to
work together
if we're gonna
rescue our friends!
QUILLADIN: [EXPLAINING]
JESSIE: Blah blah. Translation?
MEOWTH: They're calling a truce.
The big guy says they should all
work together to
protect their pals.
JAMES: How mature
PANCHAM: [AFFIRMATIVE]
CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
QUILLADIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: That's awesome!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
PANCHAM, CHESPIN,
QUILLADIN: [BATTLE CRY]
JAMES: What?! You want
to have at it with us?
Then, okay,
Inkay, use Psybeam!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [WARNING]
QUILLADIN: [SHOCK]
QUILLADIN: [CONFUSED]
CHESPIN: [CONFIDENT]
QUILLADIN: [HAPPY]
JAMES: Why you
All right, use Tackle!
INKAY: [TACKLE MOVE]
PANCHAM: [ARM THRUST MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [IMPRESSED]
PANCHAM: [CONFIDENT]
JESSIE: Brats.
Gourgeist, use Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST:
[SEED BOMB MOVE]
QUILLADIN: [ROLLOUT MOVE]
ASH: Great teamwork! Good job!
QUILLADIN: [CALLING]
PANCHAM, CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
QUILLADIN: [WARNING] / [THROW]
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [SHOCK]
CHESPIN: [VINE WHIP MOVE]
GOURGEIST, INKAY: [SCARED]
PANCHAM: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
GOURGEIST, INKAY:
[SCARED] / [IMPACT]
JESSIE, JAMES , MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
BONNIE: Bye‐bye!
ASH: You know what? You
worked really great together.
You should be proud
of yourselves!
PANCHAM: [CONFIDENT]
QUILLADIN: [CONFIDENT]
CHESPIN: [CONFIDENT]
QUILLADIN: [FLIRTING]
EEVEE: [SURPRISED]
QUILLADIN:
[CONFUSED] / [SURPRISED]
BONNIE: Quilladin?
ASH: Look. It's coming back!
QUILLADIN: [SHEEPISH]
EEVEE: [UNSURE]
/ [NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
QUILLADIN: [SHOCK]
SERENA: Oh I'm sorry, Quilladin.
It's not because Eevee doesn't
like you or anything like
that. It's just very shy,
so opening up isn't easy.
EEVEE: [SAD]
QUILLADIN: [SOBBING]
PANCHAM: [REASSURING]
CHESPIN: [REASSURING]
QUILLADIN: [SOBBING]
ASH: At least
they're getting along now.
CLEMONT: I doubt
Quilladin was trying
to win them over
FLAREON: [SURPRISED]
QUILLADIN: [SURPRISED]
FLAREON: [HAPPY]
QUILLADIN: [SURPRISED] /
[LOVESTRUCK] / [RUNNING]
QUILLADIN: [CONFIDENT]
PANCHAM: [AMUSED]
CHESPIN: [AMUSED]
SERENA: Well, that was
a quick turnaround.
BONNIE: Guess we were
worrying for nothing.
SERENA: Okay, back to work
on the Pokémon Showcase!
EEVEE: [HAPPY]
ASH: Yeah. Training sounds
good, right, buddy?
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
CLEMONT: Hey Bonnie? How about
we make some lunch
while they're all busy.
BONNIE: I'm so hungry!
BONNIE: What can I do?
CLEMONT: You could
go get us some water
SQUISHY: [RELAXED]
BONNIE: 'Kay!
SQUISHY: [SIGH]
NARRATOR: Some friendships end
up going one way, and some
end up going another.
So, after saying goodbye
to a newly distracted
Quilladin, our heroes'
journey continues!